docs: add sql editor section (#64)
bytebase/bytebase.com: docs/features/sql-editor/writing-a-query.md

---

> title: Writing a Query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Compose a Query
```

Reviewer 2: or at least Write a Query

order: 30401
---

> # Writing a Query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Compose a Query
```

SQL Editor allows for a smooth SQL writing experience.

With features of SQL code auto-completion, code formatting and keyboard shortcuts, the editor will help you write SQL queries efficiently.

> ## Autocomplete Suggestions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Auto-completion
```

> SQL Editor provides convenient intelligent prompts, enabling you to write SQL queries fluently.
> 
> Currently, we support the following prompts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, SQL Editor supports the following auto-completions:
```

- Database Name
- Table Name
- Field Name
- Keywords

![Autocomplete Suggestions](/static/docs-assets/sql-editor_autocomplete.webp)

## Format SQL

> You can format SQL queries with a shortcut key `(⇧ + ⌘ + F)` to improve your codes’ readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can click the `Format` button or use a shortcut key `(⇧ + ⌘ + F)` to format SQL queries.
```
